ain't it about time they looked for other ways of how to beat the problems?
aint you the guy with the master plan?
am I the one?
any last words to say? this is your final day
anybody ever say no?
are all these feelings true?
aren't we all to you just near lost causes?
can a device read your mind?
can't you see my pain?
canst thou not see the loss of loe painful is?
cant you see what this does to me?
could a dangerous toy be infallible?
couldn't we just sit and share a smoke again?
did anybody coach you?
didn't i do a good job of pretending?
didst thou unlock in silence of the deep?
do angels have to depend on luck?
does any of this make fucking sense?
doesn't anybody stay in one place anymore?
doest thou perceive ye desperate call from ye fathomless pits?
d'ya think we're on our own?
d'you know what she told me?
got some guts to break free?
had it crossed your mind that your heroes are failures in the end?
has all your self respect been lost?
have i already tasted my piece of one sweet love?
haven't i seen you here before ?
how long lived i waiting?
how'd i get back here at this? another cheap attempt at bliss
how'm i 'sposed to be positive when i don't see shit positive?
how's anybody supposed to love you baby 'til you do?
is do we bury him or burn? any suggestions?
isn't everybody tired of the fighting? hey hey
may i have this dance with you?
must i always be playing playing your fool?
shall i call her good when she proves unkind?
should i be feeling this loneliness?
shouldn't we jump in?
wanna copy me and do exactly like i did? yeah yeah
want a root beer? hell no
want beef? i'll do like summertime and raise up the heat
want me to freak ya? wait for me to skeet ya
want to hear what he really is?
want us to kill him for you? no i got some pills you want 'em?
want your family back? let's get it
was she a vision that he created?
wasn't it just my choice to make?
were there people there?
weren't you the pilot who swerved off the course?
wha' happened? wha' happened to my friend?
wha'cha like man wha'cha u wanna see us in five ten bedrooms?
wha's up weezy baby?
what can be done that you haven't already stained in violence?
whatcha gonna do if it gets to weary through the horn you not gonna exit?
what'll they say? that's punk rock
what're you saying? just tell me now
whats left of the hope we have?
when is enough enough?
when's the last time you seen the rain?
where did all the good times go and why?
where'd all the good people go?
where're my niggers living better?
where've you been hiding?
which came first the music or the misery?
who am i talking to?
who'd empty out my dustbins? would i still get plastic bags?
who'll be around when the limelight's faded?
whom does it care what do i need?
who's to blame for your low self esteem?
whose banner will stand in victory ?
whut the dead like? fuck the spotlight
why do you think the poor loved him so much?
will a wasteland remain?
won't it make you glad when they're calling me crazy?
wont you tell me what are we fighting for?
would this song live on forever?
wouldn't it be a glorious day?