a car pulls up who can it be?
a dandy dreamed what means to die?
a dead forest that? ? the imbeciles has burned
a dream? delirium?
a faceless generation?
a faith in the things i can't see?
a human? perhaps it reminds me of one
a kit bag full of marbles and broken billiard cue?
a necessary evil? the dominant role?
a robot or a monkey? yeh yeh yeh
a sign of death before ragnar? k arrives
a throne in hell a price or a sacrifice?
a why do you want to bite me?
acercate a mi y en mis sue?o dime si
across the swooping plain ?
after all you did why would i care? why should i care?
against the sacred nature?
ah you little shit heads censored??? you will be a fool
ain't it about time they looked for other ways of how to beat the problems?
aint you the guy with the master plan?
aiyyo wassup my sis?
aiyyo where's snoop dogg?
aiyyo fuck y'all niggaz talkin bout think you playin wit?
alberta what's on your mind alberta what's on your mind ?
albion autumn where did the will go?
all he wanna know is is where my money at?
all is lost there's no hope they are condemned to die?
all my party people gon' do what? gonna get buck
all the lonely people where do they all come from?
alone in a world so cold? world so cold
always love? hate will get you every time
amongst the murders and plus the burglars who else?
an endless moment are you ready to stay?
anarchy you know what i mean?
and what do you mean i don't pay my bills ?
angel of mercy won't you spread your wings?
angel won't you save me from myself?
another friend is lost why is this?
answer me what the fuck is it?
any last words to say? this is your final day
anybody ever say no?
anybody out there? ?
are all these feelings true?
are my dreams never coming true? what about tomorrow
are our lives cut and dried? mapped out by fate choice denied?
are the archangels made of flesh?
are their fingers bloody?
are there angels or devils crawling here?
are these decades of fear and hate the answer to our own seclusion?
are they as safe as they think they are?
are those clear fires which vanish into smoke?
are u waiting now are u fighting everyday?
are we absent in thoughts of escape?
are ya listening? good
are you a big ho or a little ho? lil' teenie weenie
are your dreams worth this torment?
area 51 where is the proof that our leaders withold?
aren't we all to you just near lost causes?
around my heart? why do you want to throw another chain
art thou drunk from suffering of thine?
as crowded wind but from my mouth ?
as to deny our hearts?
as we think ourselves to be?
as you sit back and watch us die i cant help but asking why?
ask me what's the definition of a bitch?
ask yourself where is my god ?
askin' mirror tell me how long?
at least untill the price becomes too? high
at what fucking point can we agree that we really have enough?
awake in blood and see that santas ??? come to call
ay ay snoop whattup? this your nigga dre
ay man you snoop dogg?
ay where the piano at shawty?
ayo who the fuck passed you the mic man and said that you can flow?
baby do you believe in me ?
baby girl why wouldn't fellas stop ya?
baby i'm me so who you? ur not me you're not me
baby is we doin this?
baby what am i to do?
baby why keep me waitin'?
baby will you talk to me?
baby won't you stay? why won't you stay?
baby are you new in town?
baby did you forget to take your meds?
back to the lowest spheres do you know my name?
bass line sick or what? bass line
before he can see the sky ?
before she sleeps in the sand?
before the break of day well where?s nothing that can keep here no more
before they're allowed to be free?
before you call him a man?
behold the man what i have done?
berserk don't you want to dance with me?
berserk won't you want to come and dance?
between the bushes in the rain?
beware the tempest will we survive this endless night?
big sister can you see him cry see him cry?
bitch niggas where ya hearts at?
bitch niggaz sit down to piss what type of nigga is you?
bitch what? act right and pour it in a cup
bitch where we freakin' at?
bitches come along would you ride with me? go come on
black devil what do you see when you're looking at me?
black jesus white jesus jesus where do i begin?
black star why did you turn your light on me?
black is it dirty or sad?
blood which is your own?
bluecold and the grim truth stands before you all you ever wanted ?
bottom of mean life?
brook where brooklyn at? brooklyn atwhere brooklyn at? brooklyn where
brooklyn in the house y'all do you want more?
brookyln at? brooklyn atwhere brooklyn at ? brooklyn
brother where have you gone to?
brother what tidings doth thou bring?
burning the water brown will it come for the next of kin?
but am i only human?
but are we slowly crawling up our own arse?
but aren't you a lemming after all?
but baby won't you stay around with me?
but can the vomiting dog survive?
but could it be that's just too far for the human mind to think?
but did the world really need another blink 182?
but do i really need to know it at all?
but does anybody care ?
but don't your loins hunger for pure flesh?
but from whom your own tomb?
but fuck me it's about is this really what you want g?
but hey who's on trial?
but how 'bout you? i know you've had your fun
but i don't understand why my mom?
but if i'm only dreaming?
but is anyone reading at all?
but isn't it fate? isn't it fate?
but just how soon 'til the unknown returns to feed?
but now after all what do you got to show for it?
but should i love somebody that steals kills or even lies?
but still they try cuz thats part of the game whuts my name?
but sweetness did you foresee this?
but tell me is it a night that you regret?
but the poke ain't black damn why you say that?
but was it the real violent j?
but wasn't it me who taught you wisdom they're sweetly calling sin ?
but what about creating a decent job for the others ?
but when it's on what you gonna do walk away? yes
but where did your children go? where is your family?
but which should i be more sorry for?
but who am i to ask for this?
but whose will would that represent?
but why am i still feeling why am i still in pain?
but will i be all alone tomorrow?
but won't you listen just once more?
but would he ever forget what his god had done?
but you know what? the only one who seen the change from the fame is you
buying using consuming living?
by the way did i mention? keep it gangsta nigga
by whom will your soul be found?
can a device read your mind?
can anybody hear her?
can anyone explain to me what the word pathetic really means?
can anything else i touch break?
can he hope to thrive?
can i ask you a question? yeah yeah
can it be a conscious decision?
can love truly prevail?
can my life be something great?
can no one console her? alone she'll remain
can nobody see my soul is stained?
can our feeble minds comprehend?
can she excuse my wrongs with virue's cloak?
can somebody help him ?
can someone hear me now?
can the lord above forgive what we've done?
can there be a path after this discovery?
can they bear the blame in front of their god?
can this all be? can the dead reek of life
can u feel me? turn it up
can we afford the cost?
can ya get a free ride? no not again
can y'all bounce can y'all bounce what?
can you adjust to a different life of living on the edge?
can your hear all the children weep?
can?t you see my pain?
canst thou not see the loss of loe painful is?
cant you see what this does to me?
care about my brother ?
care to put your life in mine?
cause i got a call from my baby and she was all guess what?
cause you think that i'm young and i'm wealthy?
c can you shit on me?
christ what's the use?
combien de vents passeront encore sous silence?
come on baby can you handle it?
come tomorrow will i be older?
compared to the grandeur of hate?
confused? you'll know when you're ripe
connection winter rise so why would the captured set free the flies? come
consciousness? and where did you put all those letters that you wrote to
copy nazis what's your theme?
could a dangerous toy be infallible?
could he ever know the soul of mankind?
could i be any more tired and weak?
could it be 6 million jews?
could just rewind and restart?
could life ever be sane again ?
could one word shirts in songs be just a joke?
could she do it again?
could someone tell me that?
could that someone mack the knife?
could there be any reason for my suffering?
could they believe the lies?
could this be a doorway to another world?
could we ask for more?
could you answer that for me my friend?
couldn't we just sit and share a smoke again?
crazy why are you tellin' all these lies?
cross the border cause it beez a remedy to ?cola roda?
cryout will we see another day?
daddy is ja rule taller than me?
damn dawg you hear that gun shot?
damn what do you mean? couldn't tell you that i missing him
damn is this the type of shit i gots to put up with in the streets?
dance with me whaaat?
dare you love me too?
darling tell me what's on your mind? what are you thinking
dead man were you ever alive?
dear prudence won't you let me see you smile?
death where's thy sting?
deceivement believe it do you feel it flow?
defense attorney and were you drinking that night he allegedly attacked you?
delia oh delia how could it be ?
delta dawn what's that flower you got on?
destroying my memories can you help me to remember tonight?
did anybody coach you?
did anyone catch me?
did god demand? did god forbid?
did he hear? he didn't hear here
did i approve for you to talk to me?
did it burn when they cauterized?
did jesus weep for us?
did my favourite dream came true ?
did not want my pants to get dirty?
did she bring shame upon you?
did somebody take your tongue?
did something get caught in their eyes?
did that no one ever live a life this hard?
did the going get tough this time?
did they ask if i take this thing to be my wife?
did this gump make lots of bread?
did we come down the ladder from the apes?
did ya'll know all thugs don't ride?
did you all enjoy the show?
did your arrogance now fade?
didn't i do a good job of pretending?
didst thou unlock in silence of the deep?
die why don't you fuckin' die or run and hide?
disposal? no need for all others a calling card to see
do all muslims really study their leasons?
do angels have to depend on luck?
do anybody make real shit anymore?
do i believe in love?
do my southside run this mutha for ya? hell yeah
do people feel humanity is something of the past?
do she wanna be with me?
do the wings that try become the wings that fly?
do these tears mean anything?
do they care for us?
do those who locked them see you walking on all fours?
do u feel new again?
do we blame it on mankind?
do which you want are you condemns bad girl?
do ya freeze in the heat?
do y'all niggaz bust y'all guns?
do you do you hear the message?
do your feet hurt? did you fall from heaven?
does any of this make fucking sense?
does anybody care for it?
does anyone care it ain't right what we're doing?
does anything live inside? i want to live
does everybody know my name?
does everything seem blasted like it doesn'y belong?
does fear smell like a witch?
does he believe in dreams we talked about?
does it all seem clear to you?
does life still matter?
does my life has to end this way?
does she even realize i'm here?
does someone hear my cry?
does that concerned animal value his life?
does the eagle know what is in the pit?
does this deafening silence mean nothing to no one but me?
does your blood run red white and blue?
doesn't anybody stay in one place anymore?
doest thou perceive ye desperate call from ye fathomless pits?
don?t forget to bend down ? common
dont cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me?
dont you know you have to choose? the city is here for you to use
dou you think your really hard when you end up dead?
drag's fire so ya hamburger beef? i french fry 'em
dude me? naw truly might lose your lives
d'ya think we're on our own?
d'you know what she told me?
ehi vito what does that dick say eh ?
empty words lies from the start? we stood strong never apart
enemy why you run so far?
enlighten me? i read the space between the lines
even a heart transplant wouldn't show you how i feel would it now?
ever fallen in love? love
ever felt like a brick in a game?
ever gave head doing 160?
ever get the feeling you've been played?
ever had one of those days? argumentative no incentive
ever heard of experimentation?
ever seen those guys who think they are so metal acting like posers?
ever think to yourself about option?
ever thought about getting a life?
every morning did you try?
every time you make the ironic claim 'revolution is lethargic'?
everybody got their own opinions right?
everybody know you're a liar why don't i?
everybody made their own decisions right?
exactly just what kinda shit did we step in?
excepting me who else can make god or satan fear of?
excuse me miss you want me to sign where? sign where?
expelling hatred exchangement is love?
fall in love fall in love why don't we fall?
father why me? why has it to be? did you know? did you see? sacrifice me
fear the burden i hold in this slough of despond will i descend?
feel all your thorns and all your pain?
feel it in my chest feel that? haha
feel me? i mean i speak for the gs the hustlers
feel that? you'se a nasty girl
feeling brave? then come and try to stare into my naked i
felt too pretty or powerful to die?
for christ's sake or for anyone?
for how long am i cursed?
for me to see are we blind why me?
for the first time the question why me?
for what a fuck i fought for you?
for who? what can i do? but let them all come through the wall
for whom does the bell toll?
for you to show me all i need?
forget and forgive? somehow i dont think you will
forgive me father why should you bother?
from all the lies you put in front?
from such a cluttered ground? from such a cluttered ground?
from the hills of columbia?
from where come the doubts?
from which point of view have i been expelled from?
frozen land flaming brand will this nightmare never end?
fuck is wrong with them?
fuck no are we alone?
fuck the system? yeah see you later yeah see you later
fuck y'all wan' do? crack a brew smoke an l or two
fuckin with him all the time yah know what i mean? i'm sayin i used
get at me you and what army?
get it? so you should roll with this dude
gimme all that you got oh are you getting it?
gimme siren child and do you hear me?
girl do you hear what a brotha say?
girl where've you been?
girl why you do me like that?
give a fuck? i'm looked upon as if i'm nothing new
give me just one good reason why you're avoiding me right now?
god damn it why'd this have to happen now??
god if you're listening would you have a message sent?
god what have we done?
god where do i go? i admit i am confused again
god can you hear me ?
god don't you hear me? god don't you care?
god why did you let all the joy go to waste?
god will you lead me where i roam?
goddamn would you like to take a fall?
gone? would you stay? it's your fate
good lord where you hid?
got niggas wondering like what the fuck did i do?
got some guts to break free?
gotta ask gotta ask gotta ask ourselves why do they hate us?
guess what? got gaffled by one time
guess who got rich and bounced? scrooge mcduck he had an ounce
had it crossed your mind that your heroes are failures in the end?
had they gone to their eternal rest?
hard luck kid when will you ever learn?
has all your self respect been lost?
has anybody seen my downs?
has anyone noticed that the melting pot has boiled over?
has death ever felt so inviting?
has everyone arrived?
has god forgotten to be merciful?
has he been abandoned by his god?
has it always been this way?
has my heart gone down in flames?
has our music been castrated? yes
has she been wastin' all her time?
has somebody please got a sharpened pencil they can lend?
has someone failed to tell me of this master plan?
has the captain let go of the wheel?
has your faith been shattered cause you've never had a say?
hatred to nurture? so damned you are
have all those cheap shots got you running so far away?
have i already tasted my piece of one sweet love?
have our freedom gone too far?
have the bridges of insanity been crossed and forever retracted?
have they always shown so vacantly?
have us laughin at ya broke ass yeah where my dope boys at?
have we all just gone insane?
have you any idea how hard this is?
haven't i seen you here before ?
he asks is there any true peace at all?
he doth destroy every atom that lives but is he really there at all?
he probably driving a buick and be rocking van ?
he said what are ya new?
he says lord i never complain i never ask 'why?'
he who comes with the dawn to save us all?
hearing the cry these winged do fly who shall it be? cthulhu
heaven or hell? i said that's one thing he can't decide
heaven will you wait for me?
held down by this hurt?
hell on earth will you remember?
he'll say are you married?
hello again why so old?
hello am i speaking to someone who isn't real?
hello helicopter are you listening?
hello how you doing?
hello is this thing on are you listening to me?
hello are you looking for me?
hello can you hear?
hello do you remember me? i'm a song that you maybe
hello good morning how you do?
hello? hello? is anybody there?
her make goo goo ca ca? da da change your dia dee
here you wanna help da da tie a rope around this rock? yeah
hey aren't you proud of me now?
hey baby whatcha doin' this evening?
hey bitch would you finger your box?
hey boy where did you go?
hey brother did you get all my clothes?
hey bud don't you hate to feel?
hey buddy got a nickel i can borrow?
hey did you get that? better write that shit down
hey friend when you gonna take me home?
hey girl how you doin?
hey god why are you doing this to me?
hey hey did you see all those ones flying up here?
hey how was your day?
hey kid don't you want to be rocking out too?
hey kids are you still listening?
hey little girl have you got that sickness too?
hey man do you know whats up?
hey miss murder can i?
hey mister where are you going to come in from?
hey moscow what's your story? lady take your time don't hurry
hey mr postman where's the mail for my mailbox?
hey now what the hell am i doing here?
hey sister can i take you home?
hey there little darling where'd the old man gone?
hey what's the fuck wrong with him?
hey which way did it go?
hey yo little man won't ya let me in?
hey you little jesus bride why have you smiled to me?
hey does he care what do i need?
hey is this a put on?
hey whats your name? hey where ya from?
hey where the hell did they get this panel?
hey why don't you ever stop?
hey are you okay? okay
hey can i borrow that?
hey fool you got any business ??
hey have you found somebody new?
hi kids do you like violence? yeah yeah yeah
hi my name is what? my name is who?
hmmm do we have the right to play gods?
honey how come you have to ask me that ?
how long lived i waiting?
how a?a? act is always away
how about a five star happy meal?
how am i supposed to live now?
how and why? who and when? terror comes from nowhere it seems
how are they the killers when they sing in the choir?
how bad do you need it?
how big is that hole around your lifestyle? lifestyle
how blind can you be?
how can 2pac be wrong? bitch
how come eternal school kids are getting a bigger grant ?
how could a human do all of this?
how da hell ??? been tweekin out
how dare you distrust a divine visitation?
how deep is the sea?
how did anybody ever get like that?
how do i apologize for ruining someone's life besides my own?
how does anybody learn?
how far can a man go to restore his name?
how good is he? how warm is his heart or ego telling him which place to park?
how hard can we try to fuck it up?
how has this pain helped you grow?
how high can you get sippin gin and juice? gin and juice
how how how how how did you think this would go?
how i got to this stage?
how in the hell could you possibly forgive me?
how is it goin' bro?
how loud can you get with my fist in your face?
how many 2 pacs and jz's and master p's can they conceive?
how much are you willing to forsake?
how my niggaz feelin? good how my niggaz like it? rough
how now are you going to bite both hands?
how often shall we forgive up to 3 times? up to 7 times? no it is up
how old are you my honey ?
how on earth did i do something worth deserving you?
how shall the days to come be performed?
how sick is dat? beggin my loved ones to send some pictures
how strong do you think i am?
how stupid is it? i can't talk about it
how the fuck could you do this to me?
how to find the strenght to save your life from lies?
how was i last night?
how we became fire ?
how wide is the gap between possession and greed?
how will i get through this storm? oh yeah yeah yeah
how would it be to carve all pain away in just one slide?
how ya'll feelin' tonight?
how y'all wanna cut the cake?
how you called and i follow say what?
how'd i get back here at this? another cheap attempt at bliss
how'm i 'sposed to be positive when i don't see shit positive?
how's anybody supposed to love you baby 'til you do?
huh? can't seem to find a way up
huh? what kind of story is this?
i am here but where is she ? we were supposed to meet at three
i ask my self can we take the blame?
i asked what are you saying?
i be like whaaaat? let me clear my throat
i can see you standing there do you wanna be free? do you wanna be me?
i could not help but laugh what's got into him?
i don?t need you anymore
i feel her and i ask you why?
i felt so helpless what could i do wo wo wo wo?
i got a question who got da hottest album this year?
i hear evil voices is this true ?
i heard the wise man calling why?
i just drank a fifth of vodka dare me to drive? go ahead
i love it could you turn it off?
i miss you god i miss you why do i?
i need some security can't you see?
i pull a ? to contain your whole clique for hours
i said bitch why you such a stupid hoe?
i say you can't? what do you mean you can't?
i see friends shakin' hands sayin' how do you do?
i seen how they deal every hoover and jeff ford how?
i shouted who killed the kennedys?
i start having to sing you the blues da ba doo bap?
i walked right over said hi how ya doin'?
i wanna know is it's cool? my baby ow yes it is
i want to destroy possibly?
i was the slave of the darkness why don't you see?
i wish joey was president oh what can i say?
i wonder are you really with me?
i wouldn't die would you be my savior?
i?m caressing your black flames
i?ve got no more tears to shed
i'd chime in haven't you people ever heard of closing a goddamn door?
if all this love is real how will we know?
if i am dead where do i go from here?
if it dont fit you must quit ya heard?
if not how will the planet survive?
if she hadn't left me would i be lying here with you?
if so what does it say?
if that just won't cut it what can i say?
if the devil offered would you say no?
if there was no water what would people drink?
if they counted votes from black sheep would they still win their elections?
if this is our society?
if we don't take it when will we make it?
if you can't see the thin air than why the hell should you care?
if your heart's a diamond what's the fucking price?
ignorant fools upon this pyre am i to burn?
illusion or something real?
imagination? no builder on earth can concieve any structure to compare
in a world full of fates and illusions do we see them?
in all that they told us was dead?
in another white hidden realm ?
in the end did it wear on your heart?
in what words might death call?
infinity where do we go?
is do we bury him or burn? any suggestions?
is all pleasure release?
is anybody ever truly complete?
is anyone getting nervous?
is anything clearer to you my dear?
is change what you fear?
is death evil takes our life?
is everyone satisfied ?
is everything so thrown together by mistake?
is flowing without a prevent down all the way down until it?s
is friendship the one thing we never had? i can't help it
is fuckin crazy you hear me? ha?
is glamour an issue? a balancing reason?
is god to save us all? then so we must repent
is have i wasted time?
is he a prophet or a charlatan or even worse an apparition most unholy?
is heaven to you a perfect place?
is his burden just as light?
is home a world of sadness?
is is just a shelter to hide us from the flow?
is it oochie wally wally or is it one mic ?
is life all that shallow that you're reaching out for more?
is love a four letter word that deceives the air?
is my conscience watching again?
is nothing sacred ever safe with you?
is our existence merely a joke?
is paradise too much? then cover your eyes
is reality waiting for a bus?
is revenge worth any price?
is she a good dancer?
is someone gonna sell me what i'm about ?
is suicide the right way out?
is that a bug upon her face? oh it's just a booger
is the answer inside to see?
is then the bell my fate or my imagination?
is there a beauty in promises broken?
is this a dream or reality?
is time in constant motion?
is truth so pure that you're willing to risk it all?
is what i've done wrong? is what i've said right?
is you a pimp nigga? yes i'm a pimp nigga
is your body his instead of mine?
isn't everybody tired of the fighting? hey hey
it would be the same if you went there again?
it?s better than using your hand
jesus christ who is he ? he is nothing but dead meat
jet black we say how long can we take this chance not to celebrate?
jimmy what you say? i double dribble traveled through the middle
just how much blood do you have to swallow?
just look at yourself do you like what you see?
just think what? what if you could just blink what?
just to be heard by the world? by the world
just what are you trying to say? just what are you trying to say?
just who do you think you are?
kid rock what you say?
killed god where's his glory?
know wha i'm sayin they can't fade us so what the fuck you think you gon do?
know what i did when i did?
know you of the blackened orb which burned bright o'er ancient lemuria?
knowhati'msayin? big noyd in the motherfuckin house
land of evil or divine?
lawman what have i done do you really care?
left with is sins how does this end?
let me ask you do you think i was wrong?
let's see what can we be now?
life did you make it all it could be?
lifeless eyes how can you see life's greatest loss?
like a fish out of water what will it be?
like to hear the children shriek?
like what? what? knuck if you buck
like yo how many rhymes you got? i think i'll go on
listen all you fools don't you know that carnage rules?
listen can you hear them?
live our lives? we don't believe your lies
living like a king ??? off the land
look at the animals look at you well how would you like to free one?
look in me can you see that some things should never be?
lord can you hear me and say what we have done wrong?
lord what's the reason for?
lord why did you give your son?
love to explore that shore up above?
lyin' 'bout they dick what?
ma what's your age and type?
mad mad judy energy?
magic mirror please tell is this heaven or hell?
make em say yo ?uestion's demi make em squeal like ?
make it out is your life a real thrill?
make you wonder why?
mama's messy isn't she? we'll let her wash off in the water
man how in the hell did we get here?
man what the hell you talkin about man?
man who got um? we got that white girl
may i have this dance with you?
may the lost to live? there's silence in the forest nobody can feel it
may your deeds crumble beneath your feet?
maybe he's right maybe i'm wrong maybe i'll write another song?
me and marshall how could you rape me?
me? i got a little half little chunk of dog shit
me? you know will be gone soon
meaning of life ? pain and sperm
melanie banks where can you be?
mercy have we lost our way?
might you like what you see?
mind if i touch it? and see if its soft
mirror upon the wall are you staring back through?
mirror mirror who is the fairest of them all?
mm that it's just what we need? and you decided this
mmm what the leaves whisper?
mommy why does it taste like ink?
mother can you hear me cry?
mother is this your impression of me?
mother may i please share our little secret of love?
mother will you help me make it go away?
mother? mother? mother? mother? mother? mother? mother? mother? mother?
mr writer why don't you tell it like it really is?
mrs god can it be?
must i always be playing playing your fool?
must it be on borrowed time?
must they forefit their sanity for the promise of paradise?
must we be annihilated by our own hand?
must you bring us to our knees with your psychopathic tendencies?
my doubts have grown why does it happen to me?
my eyes i've lost my head have finally seen the light where have i been?
my friend where's my fantasy?
my god what have i done? what have i done?
my momma can i stay up til late in the dark?
my question is ?who the f k wanna fight now??
my shoes are muddy girl how about yours?
my soul in childhood with a hope so strong?
my thugs in orlando you want the cars in the videos?
n will he open his eyes?
needs to meet and complete the highest standards available?
nigga i helped raised you why would i play you?
nigga what the fuck nigga? we gonna get
nigga where you wanna go?
nigga is you creeping or speaking?
niggas like damn why you want it like that?
no heart to call your own can you surrender?
no no style no place transparency?
not fit for their consumption?
not the faulty units in this mad machinery?
nothin but the funk?
nothing is the evil guilty?
now ask yourself who's stupid?
now baby what have you done?
now can a song replace broken love?
now do you feel respectable on the cross?
now he wants to know where has she gone?
now how in the hell can she benefit from somethin like that?
now i'm scared that it's over it's over and will i have another time to live?
now is it me or do our secrets matter more than our health?
now may i ride this game again?
now tell me who have you been dreaming of?
now that i'm a big star what am i gonna do?
now was it ever meant to last?
now what could i possibly have to say?
now where are they supposed to live?
now who can i trust? these new friends are so dangerous
now why can't i open my eyes?
now will it matter after i'm gone?
now you feel famous?
now don't you think that's too irresponsible?
nuclear holocaust ???? draws near
o radio can you save our ship tonight?
o why are you weeping alone on the shore?
of what does our voice sing in the chorus of distress?
oh what did you say?
oh oh ellin ellen what can i lose what can i lose ?
oh are you gettin' it? ev'ry bit of your lovin'
oh baby know what your like?
oh become clean you have murdered me why do you hate me?
oh can you feel it do you believe it?
oh child why you wanna hurt me ?
oh dear dotti what will i do?
oh did i say what i mean how did we spend our time?
oh do you do you dig destruction?
oh ellin what can i lose?
oh father did satan take your soul?
oh god above why don't you lend a hand?
oh jesus is it really you?
oh lonely boy don't you worry baby?
oh lord why did she go?
oh my god what y'all don't see this?
oh no have you ever felt lonely?
oh river god can you rid me from this dragon's kiss?
oh shit what the fuck?
oh tell me what the hell is going on?
oh when will this war be over?
oh where do we begin?
oh why are you so weird boy?
oh will i be the one be the lonely one?
oh without you where would would i be?
oh won't you sit with me?
oh yeah while i'm about it should i scream or should i shout it?
oh you ain't see the news? shit i'm the nigga with the tru tat
oh could it be i got my wish?
oh does she hold the power is she a blessing from the skies?
oh erosion would you wash away my sins?
oh how can i forget you?
oh isn't it making you lose your mind?
oh lady xanax where were you last night?
oh may i bless your every last tear?
oh should i take laxatives or have my colon irrigated?
oh whaddya say baby?
oh who do they think could bury you ?
oh would the mother see through me?
oh melissa do you remember the time we shared?
okay so what tha fuck is fame to me?
okay you niggaz kill me in nosferatu ?? bit my shit
on a payphone remember those from another life?
only 18 where do you think you're going?
ooh ooh ooh sophia l have you ever had sex with 15 men ?
ooh eeh ooh is this correct? perhaps it's wrong this is not good
ooh are you ready now?
ooh really gettin' it? yes armaggedon it
oooh darling who needs love?
oooh zombie what do you want from us?
open your eyes just say what you want to say?
or a man that loves you?
or am i driving mad?
or an unbelieved apology?
or are my eyes blinded?
or can't you see through your fucking hair?
or could it be that we're just toxic but we'll work it out?
or did he get his dreams tonight?
or do i even give a good god damn?
or does one simply not give a fuck anymore?
or don't you even care?
or from the forest? you can't tell
or has it always been the same?
or have i cried wolf one too many times?
or is blind obedience a proof of your faith?
or just a dark figment of my imagination?
or may i watch you die?
or maybe the d whaddya think ben?
or merely temptation?
or might it make some kind of sense?
or only in his mind?
or shall i say into his face ?
or should i stay alone at home?
or simply misunderstood?
or something else you just want to see?
or stand and watch you choke?
or that you learned to live without?
or the familiar disappointment of the echoes of my own?
or through the astral door?
or was it all just biding time for you ?
or were they always this lame?
or what im saying to you?
or will he say depart from me ?
or would yo' ass deny that yo' ass about to die?
order or chaos what will it be? decide delacroix
our respect runs so dry?
pain or truth? no matter they hurt the same
pathetic annual marches is that where you belong?
pathetic apathy christianity no mentality is this you?
patron saint are we all lost like you? lost causes all we are is all we are
peace sells but who's buying?
people can you feel anymore?
people gawk is that pie green?
people of this planet is there favour in their eyes?
please god why can't you hear us?
please mother eva will you look upon me as your own?
plenty of time to ruin my life so why start now? why start now?
propaganda is white really good?
pull the black cadillac trucks up what?
pure if i won't you help me?
pushed by last but what is there?
question is will you remain the same?
reason won't you put your blue jeans on?
remember how i claimed to be less than a pious being?
remember me? j to the a r u l e baby
remember that night? it seems so clear
remember the good old days? do you remember?
remember when i told you that i was a samurai?
remember? you turned my limbs into snaketails
repent and syndicate will have mercy will it??
right here ya see this? left a mark
rose can i come down to your garden?
sage do you see polluted blood of your subiect? sage do you see ?
said santa to a girl child what would you like most to get?
said miss mouse are you within ? uh huh
said what do you know?
saints and sinners who's the gifted?
salvation what it is? nothing but a piece of shit
same as go? is nothing without the fairy tale of him
say nigga heared a nigga picking ?
say something positive? more positivity
say what the dilly yo?
say will i cry for this moment to live?
say would you be mine? would you be mine?
say you're not around am i finished?
saying who's gonna cut me down to a size that suits me?
saying are you weeping for my silver and my gold?
self destructive humans?
senor senor do you know where she is hidin' ?
shall eternal pain be our share?
shall i call her good when she proves unkind?
shall it last forever?
shall we crack him ?
shall ye guess my tune?
shawty what your name is?
she asks will it be another way?
she like it's early what we gonna shop for?
she said do you wanna play do you wanna play?
she says which ones have you read then? i say i've read
she walked by asking me "are you nas?"
she's a pretty girl do you call her a bitch?
shoot me with silver bullets? ok i'll pull 'em out pawn 'em and get paid
should i be feeling this loneliness?
should it be so hard to deal with things?
should the image of god destroy rape and kill?
should we blame you?
should you if you need to?
shouldn't we jump in?
since we first met how could i forget?
since when did what we pay for colored cloth gauge our gravity?
sister sweet sister can you take away my pain?
slave boy why don't you listen to me? slave slave boy
sleepwalk til i never sleep lost in a ???? soul
sleepwalker did i give you concrete shoes?
smell me? jones capo
smoked out look in your eyes why am i not so surprised?
so am i really running free?
so are you going to make the right decision now?
so ask yourself this question is this how love is suppose to be?
so baby did you sleep an hour for me? how i wish i was there
so calm and thrilled it wasn't all that bad or was it now?
so can i beef? you betta while you still got teeth
so could it be that we've been blessed?
so did you not think i'd notice?
so do we sign away our lives and lose our name?
so doctor doctor what do i need?
so god if your there do u understand?
so have you been mutated baby?
so he threw your life away is your faith a comfort still?
so hey you could you give it a rest?
so how can i live between purity and filth?
so i asked her please will you be mine?
so if you see one you know what you do?
so is it better to tell and hurt or lie to save their face?
so it's their world not free for all?
so just who am i now? i had a fire in my eyes
so many different factors in the ?uestion's style
so much money where does it all come from?
so now what do i say when pride is in the way?
so shall i break the ancient rule?
so should we end this now or let this song go on forever?
so tell me if you could would you? if you could would you?
so that mean you niggas is bitches and me?
so the question is how far do you go?
so this is how wars are won?
so tipper babe don't you remember me? now i'm kinder gentler and so happy
so was he worth your loyalty ?
so watcha into tell me homie whats the deal?
so what are the long term effects on our society?
so whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail?
so whats accomplished crying for nothing?
so when are all my troubles going to end?
so where are those forgotten promises now?
so which one of y'all is the next to ask?
so who are the terrorist now?
so why am i feeling so cold?
so will we learn? fought together into the night
so won't you go and buy half a gallon baby?
so would you sell your life? would you sell your soul?
so you don't want to hear about my good day?
so so fresh fresh so so fresh fresh touch?
solution or escape? to be or not to be? life or death?
somebody tell me when do we get paid?
someone please tell why did it all go wrong?
sometimes i wonder will i ever be the same?
sous elle je ris si fort que peut "tre "tais ce vous?
spreading misery no flexability lost and lazy is this you?
stability free mentalities global harmony not for you?
still i am nothing in your eyes should it be such a big surprise?
still on the juice? how about aggression?
stupidity live destructively self is all you see is this you?
suicide commandos for what cause?
sun is in the sky oh why oh why?
sunday eyes am i losing you? say it isn't true
supposed to be? i gotta beeline double time leave my home sweet home for your
surabaya johnny will the pain never mend?
sure you want to go walking on a night like this?
sweet josephine will you fuck me back home?
sweet lew how's the view?
sweet nothings do you tell me everything?
t v what should i see?
take a sip of this drink that don't it feel good baby?
talk shit now now now now what? what?
tell me ain't that a reason to kill?
tell them lies and feed them shit don't those niggers make you sick?
tell us what's your secret?
teresa do you want to listen to what i have to say?
that are friendly and mellow?
that at the age of twenty one he'd still have more to go?
that eye just can't explain?
that i breathe as i fall?
that my eyes have adjusted to the concrete walls of this box that i've opened?
that there's a battle that i'm coming from?
that you are not like anyone?
that your baby boy has walked where angels trod?
that's how you feel off a pill why you panicking?
the actual possibilities of seeing all the others?
the choice is yours what will it be?
the days when your dreams were the only thing you had to keep you awake?
the doctor said what you been thinkin' 'bout?
the fuck im spose to do?
the government's coverup frights your life far to long?
the meaning of life the meaning of what?
the motherfuckin three 6 hoe you got a problem wit em?
the perceiver how come you journalists fear your mind?
the question is wouldn't mama be proud?
the right decision this time?
the same system that supported slavery?
the shadows are breathing can't you hear?
the sight of ghouls around your space did you the serpent's lament?
the untruth's the easier way is truth made for mankind?
then again who do i kid?
then break my fall with loving lies?
then can you tell me what the weapon's for?
then could i wish what doesn't exist doesn't exist no more?
then fall it's you why bend and mend for fruits that won't come undone?
then how come kids are dying in car accidents everyday?
then i ask have you ever felt abandoned?
then someone asks who'd fix the sewers?
then what is it you feel?
then who shall teach me to be humble?
then why are we laughing?
there ain't no hole when you're not around?
there?s no need to stay
these ain't conflict diamonds is they jacob? don't lie to me mayne
these images from my mind?
they say game don't wait huh warren g?
they?ll make you feel strong they?ll be the source of awesome powers
they?re in fear of their lives
think i care what is happening?
think it will work? i know it does
think you know baby like a pro baby so what you wanna do?
thinking back now will you ever feel the same?
thinking will it ever go away?
this for the ladies know what i mean?
this human life illusion?
this is a rip the scream that ignites the world?
this isn't too selfish right?
this land of equal opportunity? divided
this type of modern life is it for me?
those days are gone does this confession turn you on?
though how will it last?
time is supposed to heal so why does it still hurt?
to all my thugs in memphis you want the cars in the videos?
to avoid making mistakes?
to blame for all of this?
to die for one man's greed?
to earth who can tell ?
to expect us to kiss your ass?
to express yourself means nothing i guess?
to just show off your confidence?
to live or disappear?
to make this world look less strange to?
to my thugs in detroit you want the cars in the videos?
to redeem their faults?
to rescue some forgotten dream?
to say what was in that gold box?
to speak the word that makes you strong?
to the one on the right i said what do you know?
to think you're off a better class?
to this incessant doubt?
to transcend the place which holds you?
to where goes the tears of my eyes and the feathress of my hear?
to whom will i leave my pain?
toe to toe i'm never to give a low what? blow
tomorrow night will you remember what you said to night ?
tomorrow will you i wake up?
too much to say it sucks you?
torture of thought do you even care?
traffic's backed up who's in town the pope?
try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is? huh?
tuned out? well tune back in
two sides to every story which one is true?
uh huh it ain't no big thing really?
uh where my dogs at? what uh
uhh what's love when you don't give your man enough dough?
uh uh that fills soul ?
uh uhhh so why's your face red? man you wasted
unbelievable what're you do?
uncle jack tell me how are you sleepin'?
under one of them cold streetlights?
until we turn the final page?
very friendly girl? very friendly girl?
violence it's too late?
wait a minute brrrt did you hear that?
wait what do you mean what are you talking about we decided ?
waiting at the door?
waiting for the life to start is it always just always ahead of the curve?
walk upon england's mountains green?
walking on a still green sea have you got the faith to let it be?
walls are talking to him and he don't know no why?
wanna copy me and do exactly like i did? yeah yeah
wanna fight? you should've hit me when you ran up nigga
wanna go platinum? im who you should get get get get get
wanna love me? wanna touch me? touch me
wanna see me stick nine inch nails through each one of my eyelids? uh huh
want a root beer? hell no
want beef? i'll do like summertime and raise up the heat
want me to freak ya? wait for me to skeet ya
want to hear what he really is?
want us to kill him for you? no i got some pills you want 'em?
want your family back? let's get it
war what am i fighting for?
was he holy or just a pagan?
was hopelessly drowning in vain?
was i arise in the course of time?
was it a broken arm or collar bone?
was my change night?
was she a vision that he created?
was soll ich'n dir dazu noch sagen ey?
was the attention all that you needed?
was there a need for creation?
was this a dream or an awakening?
was what you got worth losing me?
was your check list long?
was zieht her von welker nacht?
wasn't it just my choice to make?
we could hear any more? let's dedicate to" soul of warriors
we float face down and don't we look content?
we gave them dreams and what did they dream?
we gettin' it so whatchu need? gouda
we got the we got the we got the ?boomer city weeds?
we had never seen the light of day?
we survived but was it worth it all?
we used to believe in ??
we wanna fight but will that change anything?
we?ll take over the land
we?re breaking the silence
welcome to my garden do you still see me?
well ain't it wild though aren't you tired?
well can't you see that we're trapped here?
well do you really fucking get it?
well guess what? we were fucking wrong
well how about something real? feel free and stifle someone
well i said are these ribs or is this steak?
well if there's a god well can you hear me now?
well is it your fear of being buried that makes you so afraid to speak?
well isn't that misfortune?
well now how about some heavy rolling?
well tell me what do you when there's nothing there?
well then i ask myself why should i sing?
well what did you call it when you stabbed me in the back?
well where are you now? the clock is ticking
well who is hurting now?
well why should i care what the world thinks of me?
were my fans worth my time? the first line out so
were there people there?
were these your greatest dreams?
were we ever really friends?
were you a lonely boy?
weren't you the pilot who swerved off the course?
we've made tommorows world mother earth on fatherland?
wha' happened? wha' happened to my friend?
wha'cha like man wha'cha u wanna see us in five ten bedrooms?
whack whack what do you know?
wha's up weezy baby?
whassup with you black thought man wassup?
what a mask can say? cry the night away
what about all the things that make life worth living?
what am i afraid of for god is on my side? more power in his stratagies
what are gonna do when your security has gone?
what became of the people we used to be?
what becomes of uniforms and misery?
what came to be a human?
what can be done that you haven't already stained in violence?
what candles were held to speed them all? w owen
what causes all our suffering?
what cha know about this ha? you don't know
what chance to tear this world apart?
what choice is this? in the dark core of your being dark am i
what color is death?
what colour is my justice?
what could be said what could be done?
what crazy thoughts are going through peoples minds?
what da fuck? another year goes by
what did have to say?
what difference does it make if you scream when you cry?
what do i care if icicles form?
what does he say now?
what else be whipped to frenzy for?
what ever happened to my friends?
what evil lurks in the heart of men?
what exactly do you do when i'm not with you?
what feeds the demons in my blood?
what for should i fight?
what fucking tale to tell now?
what gives what helps the intuition?
what god created this thing called lust?
what good are your promises if you can always take them back?
what had he done to make you return this time with a gun?
what happen to kissing and hugging?
what happened and why is the burning desire?
what happens in your mind?
what has becoming of your nation?
what have i become? i try so hard just to forget
what hope do you have to save her? give up
what horrors may exist?
what i must die for?
what if children had no one to trust?
what in her do i require?
what is a hurt without someone to blame?
what it do? what it be like? can i get ya telephone number girl?
what kind meal would he make? we don't want to ask it
what lies in wait behind the shadow of hate?
what life in the realm of dead things?
what made me feel so wrong?
what maiden does wander the heather alone?
what make you think that i would let you get away with this?
what makes a man golden? what?
what means the world to me? breakin laws racin cars
what more can i say to you?
what nature introduced the genesis birth?
what need you flow so fast?
what new friends will the day bring? whoa
what now what now nigga you feelin this shit?
what on earth is this ?
what other life is there besides a life of freedom?
what part of the game is that huh?
what purpose have i?
what really gets me mad in this life?
what right does he have to complain when he himself suffers?
what rules the world? what makes us live?
what s your reason for existence?
what shall we do to change our fate?
what should i do with my own solitude?
what the fuck would you do anything to work out all wrong?
what these clown niggaz hollerin'?
what they gonna do within the machine?
what time zone am on? what country am i in?
what to do with all this time?
what took you what took you so long?
what truth have you found?
what type of harvest will september bring? beckoning
what up black? hold your head wherever you at
what was going through your head?
what we gonna do? fool i though you knew
what went wrong? did i stay too long?
what were we built for?
what will be left behind in the ashes of the wake?
what would be your message?
what ya do for money honey how you get your kicks?
what y'all know about them buckshots bustin from a truck?
what you dare me? back the fuck up kid we flexin
what? what? the family remains cuz it's grain
whatcha gon' do when yo time is up?
whatcha gonna do if it gets to weary through the horn you not gonna exit?
whatcha got in the pot? whatcha got
whatcha think all the guns is for?
whatcha wanna do? do do whatcha wanna do? do do
what chu want the dope or the weed?
what'd i just say? nigga g'head you see that?
whatever happened to our love ?
whatever the cost might be?
what'll they say? that's punk rock
what're you saying? just tell me now
whats a jew to do today?
whats in your glass?
whats left of the hope we have?
whats that? victoria secret
whats the point? im under no delusions
whats your favorite dish?
when a person turns to wrong is it a want to be belong?
when all you do is stay and play on your computer games?
when am i going home to eternity?
when are we ever going to learn?
when can i claim you to be my own so selfishly?
when daylight forms blinding binding walls where do we go?
when did everything fall apart?
when do i come home again?
when does a fool stop being a fool?
when even your best friends may attempt your life?
when exactly did you get so hip?
when he said save the babies was we listenin?
when i come home when i come home will you be the same?
when is enough enough?
when it's needed from us in the end?
when nothing's good what can you do?
when our soul is gone what will we miss?
when shall they see the real darkness?
when she showed them salem's lot?
when summer's over will we face autumn?
when the director sold the show who bought its last rites?
when there's emptiness behind my mask?
when they can't feed their children or are the enemies of me?
when through my veins it will flood?
when was the last time you danced?
when we ask you what are your final words?
when will all my problems disappear?
when ya hear the songs we used to sing do you remember me?
when you blink do you only find the misery weighs down your eyes?
when your love brought me to the light?
when's the last time you seen the rain?
where all my gangsta's at? yeah
where am i from? oh yea detroit city
where and when would i see her?
where are all the friendly faces now?
where can i draw my inspiration from?
where could truth be found?
where did all the good times go and why?
where do all thoughts go to lay themselves down for good?
where does all the money go?
where else might i sing but in the shadows of your wings?
where has all the love gone?
where have all the flowers gone?
where in the world have you gone now?
where is all that knightly pride?
where lays silence that doesn't bind with loneliness to become a whole ?
where lies the cosmic link?
where lovers don't remember where they met and heartbreak is easy to forget?
where might my lonesome lover be?
where my dogs at? what
where on earth is my heaven? so baby tell me when i'll see you
where' s this damned god ?
where shall the wedding supper be ? uh huh
where she learn how to dress from? she get it from her mamma
where should i go? i am so all alone
where the fuck could they be? still not over in the corner
where them gangstas? where them dimes at?
where to go? with our feet set only to just send us home
where was i before you came around?
where were you all my wordly life?
where where where are my where are my panties?
where will go the ship?
where would i be without you loving me?
where ya gonna be tomorrow?
where you at? woo woo
where your heart at? brave hearted
where oh where does he come from?
where'd all the good people go?
where're my niggers living better?
where've you been hiding?
which came first the music or the misery?
which country is the very best?
which hand should i cut off?
which is the best way to deal with the reality?
which of the bold faced lies will we use?
which one can tell the reason why?
which part of fuck off don't you get?
which peacock's police? which peacock is thief?
which road will you choose?
which side will we take to the grave?
which thought opens the dreams?
which way do we go and was there ever a plan?
whit served limbs or call me crazy?
who am i the slave you gave just the air i breathe?
who among them do they think could carry you ?
who and what do you think you are?
who are the ones with the keys?
who art thou? atheist satanist or what?
who asks the questions that have no answers?
who believes in leadership?
who benefits? generations down the line
who better than me? don't make me laugh
who built this house at the very start?
who but i can find the place where hides away the sun?
who can be the wolf?
who cares about a bank that failed in yonkers?
who cast the shadow upon our age?
who could deny you were the one who illuminated?
who da first rap star u seen dive into da crowd?
who dares to step further into the future?
who decided your life?
who decides what crime is a sin?
who denies the right to defend?
who did create this world of hate?
who died and made you king?
who dies young as ancients say?
who do i believe in?
who does the earth belong to?
who else should know what's best for you?
who ever told you that living in this world would be easy?
who falls from that pressure painfully?
who finds their nature to measure?
who fucked who? who screwed who?
who gave the gift of deeper view just kept from nameless chosen few ??
who gives a fuck about a punk ass villain?
who gon' stop me when i'm in the lane?
who got in your head?
who grants you now to laugh at this?
who has been sent after me?
who hears the voices calling who calls to rise above them?
who holds the key that will open tomorrow? i must be free
who i am? what should i feel?
who in the fuck is the system for?
who is able to tell ?
who keeps the flames of the fires burning?
who knew her legacy would destroy her future?
who knows for sure? who knows fuck all?
who lays down the rules?
who lead from the rear where are they now?
who left the door the window gate locked?
who let 'em on the stage?
who loaned you money homie?
who looks behind my eyes when l'm down deep?
who loves the 3 strikes law?
who made deceit into the ultimate award?
who me? oh i'm going to hell
who needs all those treasures of an outsider?
who on earth would believe a word you say?
who owes you more than anyone?
who painted the moon?
who pays the price for hating who decides our final fate?
who played the fool?
who pulls the string who doesn't care?
who put an end to all the beauty ?
who remains when the curtain goes down?
who remembers the names of fallen heroes aha aha?
who rock the spot? biggie
who said a lie's gonna break you?
who sang the chorus? female superstars
who says here's two bits go and eat ?
who set the standard born to be rich?
who sets my destiny?
who shot the cow? ' laughter
who should i be? who should i be? ooooh
who started affecting freedom?
who starts the war machine?
who stole our light?
who teach you wrong from right?
who tells them all to laugh?
who the boss nigga? who the motherfucking boss?
who they tryin to fool? we're the leaders of the new school
who this nigga thing he is?
who thought we'd ever come this far?
who threw the first stone?
who told her i was fuckin 'round? she get it from her mamma
who took my time away? i know you'll hear me now
who wanna rhyme? who wanna challenge the swordsman?
who wants that you become blind?
who was i to question?
who were the allies that time?
who will be beside tomorrow?
who would ever want a dirty greasy finger in his ass?
who wrote the rules?
who you are? the painter of human soul
whoa where did you go axl rose?
whoa yeah what are you fighting for? it's got to stop today
whoa what was he last thing that you said?
who'd empty out my dustbins? would i still get plastic bags?
who'll be around when the limelight's faded?
whom does it care what do i need?
whom dost shine this magic light upon?
who's a pretty boy then?
who"s to blame for your low self esteem?
whose banner will stand in victory ?
whose face has the executioner?
whose fault? now you're thinking
whose gonna laugh when you're gone?
whose house are you haunting tonight?
whose life to steal ?
whose purpose is to serve ? timbs 'til they high and they hurt us
whud you get? share it with me
whut the dead like? fuck the spotlight
why do you think the poor loved him so much?
why you're always harping on the same string?
why a smile is so fragile?
why ain't mankind smart enough to feel the same?
why all the darkness?
why am i afraid of sun and light light?
why and what the fuck ? ?
why are animals so abused?
why aren't his arms reaching?
why ask the questions when there's no answers?
why before her all over again?
why believe in nothing?
why bother wasting all my time?
why call me up and say the time is right?
why can i not lose the burden of common sense?
why canst thou not show mercy on me?
why cant i be cool like them?
why care since its not you?
why communication? why termination?
why could not i come when he came to get you?
why couldn't i see it for what it was?
why deny what i say?
why did everybody laugh when i told them my dream?
why didn't he see a future?
why does boy meet girl leave me feeling ripped off?
why doesn't everybody leave me alone now?
why don?t you wanna pray in holy silence?
why dont you murder me?
why else you think shorty's write rhymes just to blow up?
why follow their lead when we lack no resources?
why get up when morning doesn't even start till two?
why go on living in the past?
why had i waited so long?
why has all the laughter ceased?
why hast thou cursed me so?
why have i been chosen to be the manifestation of god?
why i am lying here with you?
why in the world are we waitin'?
why is absence the proof when i demand palpable presence?
why it's my destiny?
why kill one another what's it all worth?
why leave me cold when it's so warm inside?
why lose when you could win? give god a try
why me why does this always happen to me?
why must brother kill his brother when united they should stand?
why my god? why even the light of your sun is like the sparkling of a star
why not come with me for an hour?
why now do i feel you near?
why oh why do i do the stupid things i do?
why on earth did you leave me?
why she all in his ride?
why shoot yourself in the foot?
why should god bless america?
why so filled with fright?
why take it out on pillars of stone?
why talk when we could listen?
why the fuck am i alone then?
why then oh why can't i ?
why these niggaz trying to violate shit without us man huh?
why think that they can solve your problems?
why this feeling in my gut?
why to love and with such brutality?
why try to beat them when a million others tried?
why wait untill tomorrow ?
why walk the path of shoulders cold?
why was i born cursed with this penance?
why waste time on time machines?
why water weeds? it's the american way
why we always havin arguments? she get it from her mamma
why were all the trees are dead?
why weren't you talking?
why when i put nothing before you?
why will we always trust the way of the walk?
why won't everybody just leave us alone?
why wont they just let me be? it's a high society
why worry so much? don't worry about falling behind
why would anyone feel the need to slaughter the simplicity of childhood dreams?
why wouldn't these jewels make you wanna glance?
why o why do i feel so obsolete?
why why can't we live this love she hides so deep inside?
why? because we can't afford gas say it with me
why? cause i'm a nigga for life
why? daddy why? you used to tell me
why? maybe you should keep your sorrow
why? tell me why what the hell is going on?
why'd the bitter end have to come for you?
why's our world so cut and dry?
will a wasteland remain?
will anyone remember me?
will death ever save me from this nightmare?
will everything ever be the same as my memories remind me bright?
will fate surprise him where will he meet his end?
will he be in her pants by nine?
will his hands know what mine did?
will i always be the lover too late?
will it be a glorious boom?
will my dreams come true or am i simply wasting my time?
will no one hear our distant cries?
will nobody tell me so?
will our deeds be remembered?
will peter join us and mary and dave?
will remain? not a god damn thing you're not fooling anyone cause hardcore
will she ask me for a lap dance? then trav said
will somebody out there give me the blame?
will someone come help me now before i turn out dead?
will that get your attention baby ?
will the angels from heaven carry hope to our kind?
will their powers and actions ever convince the world i am the one who won?
will there be a happy ending?
will these shadows disappear?
will they arise your visions divine?
will things ever be the same again?
will this battle be fought alone how many will die?
will thy words ease my pain?
will tomorrow bring a new day of hope?
will we admit to the role we play in these darkened days ?
will ya walk with me? will ya help me see?
will you accept this desperate plea?
will your blood spill for them or will you realize?
with a brat like that always on your back what can you use?
with nothing in our hearts?
without desire tell me why? without sorrow
without feeling free?
without love what is life? and anyone who knew us
woah woah are you listening to anything i've said?
wonder if you you'll spend the night?
wonder where'd the time go?
won't it make you glad when they're calling me crazy?
wont someone kill me?
wont you tell me what are we fighting for?
world can't you see it?
would a painted face hide the pain of no culture?
would anybody hear me then?
would god bless a murder of the innocents?
would he feel like today had a place for him?
would i be brave enough to feel?
would it be close enough to feel the pain ?
would jesus strike me down if i should pray?
would my fears now by winning?
would she hear me if i calls her name?
would that set me free?
would the glaze of algol sear my eyes?
would there be any evidence of a human soul trying to escape?
would they breathe in or out?
would this song live on forever?
would we be able to comprehend it?
would you accept a pray from a man who lived in sin?
would your face look just like my face?
wouldn't it be a glorious day?
wrap those legs around me teacher what else can i do?
ya got beef? whoa man ta me u as soft as a woman
ya heard me? hmm i'ma stay down
ya nah mean? and everything ain't what it seem
ya understand what i'm saying?
ya'll hear that nolia clap? ya'll hear that nolia clap?
y'all motherfuckers think it's a game right?
yea you feel that bass? turn it up
yeah do you need this as bad as i do? until the day i die
yeah man i'll smoke with you you know what i'm saying?
yeah what's the reason?
yeah whattup now? what what what what?
yeah who'd be there for me?
yeah why fight? forget it
yeah can anyone taste the poison we need?
yeah exhibit b what you see? well that's me
yeah nigga what's beef?
yeah you know what i'm sayin?
y'knahmean? uhh uhh you ain't got ya man here to share
y'knahmsayin? my grandma was 99 9 percent of the reason y'knahmsayin?
y'knahmtalkinbout? seven shots? woooo ooh shit
y'know? truth always reveal itself though
yo big noyd what up cuzin'? i can't cope
yo brother ?uestion yo rubber bandz square roots
yo g&b where you at?
yo how dumb the pimp?
yo nigga noyd what's the topic? yo the topic is this
yo what am i an animal?
yo who goes there? tony tony one second homie
yo where the fuck is tony at man?
yo yo yo what you doin' man?
you a dealer how many drugs did you deal a?
you ain't heard about a nigga? i be servin them bricks
you aren't surprised love are you?
you ask me "when is it over?"
you back on the streets? i send another hit at you
you call this freedom?
you can ask on the block ? what does it all mean?
you could turn back time just once?
you craving fuck can't you ever get enough?
you cry out to the open air why should i go on lord?
you didn't really think i'd let it all go by?
you don?t wanna feel it
you ever feel like you're taking on the world?
you get what i'm saying?
you gettin money what'chu hatin on my niggaz for?
you gon' gaffle us? hey can i reach back there and get one?0
you gonna do? go and cry like a bitch accept dick go and comp some old shit
you got a problem? come and say it to my face
you guys wants some autographs? okay form a straight line
you happy now? you made me feel like an ass
you hear me calling you?
you keep asking "how long will i last?"
you know how long i've been on you?
you like that shaft straight up your ass? and i'll
you mean i missed my major by a couple of seconds?
you might win one battle ?
you miss me don't you?
you niggaz think we ain't with problems? they done lied to ya
you promised to love me but what do i know ?
you ready for the revolution this year?
you really think you have a future without me?
you said can i see you later?
you say he's a faggot do you want to bash in his brain?
you see how much time you're wastin?
you slut you whore why?
you still breathing?
you tell me why the fuck should i care?
you think i give a damn about a grammy?
you threw the bums a dime in your prime didn't you?
you understand what i'm talking about?
you walked in it was it like a dream?
you wanna battle who? wyclef or dj skribble
you want a fuckin piece of me? ?
you wasted life why wouldn't you waste the afterlife?
you will always be my king and it's because you are ?
you wonder what's in it for me?
you over there in the jeans shirt what you want to be when you grow up?
you?re entitled to kill for your government
you'll go tell all your friends tell your friends what? say what?
your chick is with you dawg?
your voice gets louder every week every week what?
yourself but could not address? yeah i'm a good kisser and you're a fast
you've gotta die gotta die gotta die for your government?