So if in seeking something fundamental, such as what is truth, pleasure is the
measure, you have already projected what that experience will be and therefore it
is no longer valid.
 What do we mean by experience? Is there anything new or original in
experience? Experience is a bundle of memories responding to a challenge and it
can respond only according to its background, and the cleverer you are at
interpreting the experience the more it responds. So you have to question not
only the experience of another but your own experience. If you don't recognize an
experience it isn't an experience at all. Every experience has already been
experienced or you wouldn't recognize it. You recognize an experience as being
good, bad, beautiful, holy and so on according to your conditioning, and therefore
the recognition of an experience must inevitably be old.
 When we demand an experience of reality - as we all do, don't we? - to
experience it we must know it and the moment we recognise it we have already
projected it and therefore it is not real because it is still within the field of thought
and time. If thought can think about reality it cannot be reality. We cannot
recognize a new experience. It is impossible. We recognize only something we
have already known and therefore when we say we have had a new experience it
is not new at all. To seek further experience through expansion of consciousness,
as is being done through various psychedelic drugs, is still within the field of
consciousness and therefore very limited.
 So we have discovered a fundamental truth, which is that a mind that is
seeking, craving, for wider and deeper experience is a very shallow and dull mind
because it lives always with its memories.
 Now if we didn't have any experience at all, what would happen to us? We
depend on experiences, on challenges, to keep us awake. If there were no
conflicts within ourselves, no changes, no disturbances, we would all be fast
asleep. So challenges are necessary for most of us; we think that without them
our minds will become stupid and heavy, and therefore we depend on a
challenge, an experience, to give us more excitement, more intensity, to make
our minds sharper. But in fact this dependence on challenges and experiences to
keep us awake, only makes our minds duller - It doesn't really keep us awake at
all. So I ask myself, is it possible to keep awake totally, not peripherally at a few
points of my being, but totally awake without any challenge or any experience?
This implies a great sensitivity, both physical and psychological; it means I have
to be free of all demands, for the moment I demand I will experience. And to be
free of demand and satisfaction necessitates investigation into myself and an
understanding of the whole nature of demand.
 Demand is born out of duality: `I am unhappy and I must be happy'. In that
very demand that I must be happy is unhappiness. When one makes an effort to
be good, in that very goodness is its opposite, evil. Everything affirmed contains
its own opposite, and effort to overcome strengthens that against which it strives.
When you demand an experience of truth or reality, that very demand is born out
of your discontent with what is, and therefore the demand creates the opposite.
And in the opposite there is what has been. So one must be free of this incessant
demand, otherwise there will be no end to the corridor of duality. This means
knowing yourself so completely that the mind is no longer seeking.
 Such a mind does not demand experience; it cannot ask for a challenge or
know a challenge; it does not say, `I am asleep' or `I am awake'. It is completely
what it is. Only the frustrated, narrow, shallow mind, the conditioned mind, is
always seeking the more. Is it possible then to live in this world without the more -
without this everlasting comparison? Surely it is? But one has to find out for
oneself.
 Investigation into this whole question is meditation. That word had been used
both in the East and the West in a most unfortunate way. There are different
schools of meditation, different methods and systems. There are systems which
say, `Watch the movement of your big toe, watch it, watch it, watch it; there are
other systems which advocate sitting in a certain posture, breathing regularly or
practising awareness. All this is utterly mechanical. The other method gives you a
certain word and tells you that if you go on repeating it you will have some
extraordinary transcendental experience. This is sheer nonsense. It is a form of
self-hypnosis. By repeating Amen or Om or Coca-Cola indefinitely you will
obviously have-a certain experience because by repeti- tion the mind becomes
quiet. It is a well known phenomenon which has been practised for thousands of
years in India - Mantra Yoga it is called. By repetition you can induce the mind to
be gentle and soft but it is still a petty, shoddy, little mind.